#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-macos
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow-macos
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via tensorflow-macos
fonttools==4.42.0
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
google-auth==2.22.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==1.0.0
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
grpcio==1.57.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-macos
h5py==3.9.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
idna==3.4
    # via requests
keras==2.13.1
    # via tensorflow-macos
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
libclang==16.0.6
    # via tensorflow-macos
markdown==3.4.4
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via werkzeug
matplotlib==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
numpy==1.24.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   h5py
    #   matplotlib
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-macos
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   tensorflow-macos
pandas==2.0.3
    # via seaborn
pillow==10.0.0
    # via matplotlib
protobuf==4.24.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-macos
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scipy==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow-macos
tensorboard==2.13.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.13.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
tensorflow-macos==2.13.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via tensorflow-macos
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   requests
werkzeug==2.3.7
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.41.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via tensorflow-macos

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
